[RM CH05 ] Secuirty section "Add Link to Chapter to CH07" (#1670)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_model/chapters/chapter05.md

<a name="5.1.4"></a>
### 5.1.4 Security

> _**Comment:** All Secuirty features defined in RM Chapter 07 

Reviewer: lacks a trailing underscore.
nit: Secuirty -> Security

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_**Comment:**_  RM Chapter 07 (./chapter07.md) discusses and specifies requirements for platform security.
```

> https://github.com/cntt-n/CNTT/blob/master/doc/ref_model/chapters/chapter07.md

Reviewer 2: delete as included in suggested text in sentence before
